cv.md, before:

# Anastasiia Kolmakova

<!-- Photo here -->

---

### Contacts

- **Email:** nastya.miss.7@gmail.com
- **Phone:** +7(993)182-51-73
- **City:** Yaroslavl, Russia (open to relocation)
- **GitHub:** [github.com/aissatsana](https://github.com/aissatsana)

---

### About Me

Since school, I have enjoyed solving mathematical problems and programming solutions to daily tasks. When I first encountered web development, I was immediately captivated — it felt like magic to me. I enjoy helping people access the internet comfortably and ensuring their experience is clear and intuitive. I approach my work with dedication, always prioritizing the quality of projects I undertake. I highly value a friendly, respectful team environment where deadlines are honored, and open communication is maintained.

---

### Skills

- **Proficient in:** HTML, CSS, JavaScript, BEM
- **Experienced with:** React, Git, Astro, Node.js, SCSS, MongoDB
- **Familiar with:** Python (used for personal projects)
- **Language Proficiency:** English - B2, Russian - native

---

### Code Examples

1. **Static Website with Responsive Design:**  
   [https://aissatsana.github.io/473177-mishka-25/build/index.html](https://aissatsana.github.io/473177-mishka-25/build/index.html)

2. **Collection Creation Web App (Frontend & Backend):**  
   [https://my-collection.onrender.com/](https://my-collection.onrender.com/)

3. **Game Web Application:**  
   [https://game-app-n8fu.onrender.com](https://game-app-n8fu.onrender.com)

---

### Experience

#### Junior Widget Developer, "Flocktory"

_March 2024 – Present_

- Developed widgets of various complexities for partner sites
- Created emails
- Designed templates for team use
- Built web-based games

---

### Education

- **Bachelor’s in Graphic Design (not completed)**  
  ITMO University, 2016 – 2018

- **Frontend Development Course**  
  HTML Academy, December 2021 – January 2023

- **Internship**  
  ITransition, November 2023 – January 2024

- **Internship**  
  Y-Lab, February 2024 – March 2024

---

### Hobbies

In my free time, I play squash and dance, both of which give me energy and motivation. I also enjoy traveling and exploring new activities.

Commit message:

feat: add photo and console.log

cv.md, after:

# Anastasiia Kolmakova

![Anastasiia Kolmakova](photo.jpg)

---

### Contacts

- **Email:** nastya.miss.7@gmail.com
- **Phone:** +7(993)182-51-73
- **City:** Yaroslavl, Russia (open to relocation)
- **GitHub:** [github.com/aissatsana](https://github.com/aissatsana)

---

### About Me

Since school, I have enjoyed solving mathematical problems and programming solutions to daily tasks. When I first encountered web development, I was immediately captivated — it felt like magic to me. I enjoy helping people access the internet comfortably and ensuring their experience is clear and intuitive. I approach my work with dedication, always prioritizing the quality of projects I undertake. I highly value a friendly, respectful team environment where deadlines are honored, and open communication is maintained.

---

### Skills

- **Proficient in:** HTML, CSS, JavaScript, BEM
- **Experienced with:** React, Git, Astro, Node.js, SCSS, MongoDB
- **Familiar with:** Python (used for personal projects)
- **Language Proficiency:** English - B2, Russian - native

---

### Code Examples

1. **Static Website with Responsive Design:**  
   [https://aissatsana.github.io/473177-mishka-25/build/index.html](https://aissatsana.github.io/473177-mishka-25/build/index.html)

2. **Collection Creation Web App (Frontend & Backend):**  
   [https://my-collection.onrender.com/](https://my-collection.onrender.com/)

3. **Game Web Application:**  
   [https://game-app-n8fu.onrender.com](https://game-app-n8fu.onrender.com)

---

### Experience

#### Junior Widget Developer, "Flocktory"

_March 2024 – Present_

- Developed widgets of various complexities for partner sites
- Created emails
- Designed templates for team use
- Built web-based games

---

### Education

- **Bachelor’s in Graphic Design (not completed)**  
  ITMO University, 2016 – 2018

- **Frontend Development Course**  
  HTML Academy, December 2021 – January 2023

- **Internship**  
  ITransition, November 2023 – January 2024

- **Internship**  
  Y-Lab, February 2024 – March 2024

---

### Hobbies

In my free time, I play squash and dance, both of which give me energy and motivation. I also enjoy traveling and exploring new activities.

---

```javascript
console.log("Hello, World! Thanks for reading this after the end");
```
